." Process this file with groff -man -Tascii whonix-ats-execute.1
." 
." credit for the research to create this file goes to several online resources,
." especially: https://www.golinuxcloud.com/create-man-page-template-linux-with-examples/
."

.TH whonix-ats-execute 1 2020-04-08 "version 0.1"
.SH NAME

whonix-ats-execute - Run the automated testing suite and produce a report.
.SH SYNOPSIS

whonix-ats-execute [ OPTIONS ]
.SH DESCRIPTION

.BI whonix-ats-execute 
performs a sequential execution of tests, and generates a report to the specified location. The default location is stdout. This tool is the driver for the whonix automated testing suite. Specifics are as follows:

.PP
.IP -
All tests in the .feature directory will be exectuted, see STRUCTURE
.IP -
Any current tests utilize GUI emulation, including programmatic keystroke input, plan accordingly
.IP -
Tests are designed to operate on a fresh Whonix system, other distibutions and configurations are unsupported.
.IP -
This tool is still in development, and it's output may not be reliable

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.IP "-o=<FILE>, --output=<FILE>"
Writes the output to FILE.
.IP "-p=<KEY>,<VALUE> --featureparam=<KEY>,<VALUE>"
Provide key value pairs to be used by tests, these take precedence over the values stored in CONFIG. These are passed as global variables to the underlying scripts.
.IP "-s=<SLEEP_MULTIPLIER>"
Supply your own thread.sleep() modifier (default 1.0) to the test suite, modifying this value is recommended, to adapt to the speed of your setup. When in doubt, higher numbers are better, but will slow down testing.
.IP "-d --debug"
Enables behave's Debug-On-Error functionality, useful for troubleshooting step implementations


.SH EXAMPLES
whonix-ats-execute -o ~/output.txt

whonix-ats-execute -p torbrowserpath,~/custom/path/to/.tb/

whonix-ats-execute --featureparam=torbrowserpath,~/custom/path/to/.tb/ --featureparam=MyKey,MyValue

.SH STRUCTURE
.IP $INSTALLHOME/features
Location of the test .feature files, written in the Gherkin BDD language
.IP $INSTALLHOME/features.steps
Location of the corresponding .step implementation files for the tests.
.IP $INSTALLHOME/.config
config file location
.IP $INSTALLHOME/bin
location of executables
.IP $INSTALLHOME/docs
additional documentation

.SH BUGS
.PP
The whonix automated testing suite (abbrev. WATS) is currently in development, so bugs will likely be frequent. 

.PP
Track our development, and find additional documentation, at our git repository https://github.com/johncameronquinn/wats-senior-capstone
